---
layout: post
title: Automatically Reposting From an RSS Feed to LinkedIn using IFTTT
description: Testing an IFTTT integration with my blog's RSS feed.
date: 2023-2-24 10:10 -0500
image: assets/images/pic06.jpg
---
I've recently been rewriting my portfolio website. One of my goals for the rewrite was to create a blog that would simultaneously publish to my portfolio site and LinkedIn. That way I could write once and publish everywhere.

To do this, I connected the blog's RSS feed to the automation platform IFTTT (If This, Then That). IFTTT allows users to create applets that work on a simple principle: trigger code on a condition. 

I first came across IFTTT when my father and I were working on a DIY project to build an automatic cat feeder. IFTTT allowed us to create an applet that sent notifications by email whenever the feeder was activated. 

IFTTT supports a variety of integrations, including RSS to LinkedIn posts.

Setting up the IFTTT applet is simple. Once you've created an account, search for the "RSS feed to LinkedIn" applet. Then, enable the applet, log in to LinkedIn at the prompt, and enter your site's RSS feed URL in the corresponding field. Also note that you can customize a message to be posted alongside the blog link. Then, to ensure that everything is working correctly, create a new post in your RSS feed, and wait for IFTTT to repost it. This can take up to an hour -- to immediately have IFTTT check for your new post, go to "My Applets" -> "RSS Feed to LinkedIn", and hit the "Check Now" button.

Congrats! You've integrated your blog's RSS feed with LinkedIn.

In recap: IFTTT is a versatile automation tool that can simplify your workflow by performing tasks such as reposting your blog on LinkedIn. By taking advantage of IFTTT's automation abilities, you can write once and publish everywhere.

Happy blogging!

- Robert
